net: make readyState to be closed if socket is not opened (#38249)
nodejs/node: doc/api/net.md

> * If the stream is readable and writable, it is `open`.

Reviewer: It might be nice to change `stream` here to `socket` as it makes more sense IMO.

* If the stream is readable and not writable, it is `readOnly`.
* If the stream is not readable and writable, it is `writeOnly`.

> * If the stream is not opened or is neither readable nor writable, it is

Reviewer: Perhaps we should avoid using words like 'open' here because it's an actual `readyState` value and might be confusing?

Perhaps something like:
```suggestion
* If the stream is not connecting, connected, or is otherwise neither readable nor writable, it is
```
